[DEVCOMMS-644] Doc Proximity (#1574)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/mp-delivery/introduction.en.md

# Mercado Pago Delivery

Mercado Pago Delivery is an on-demand meal delivery solution in which the customer enters a list of registered restaurants, selects their order and pays directly from the Mercado Pago application.

You can integrate your restaurant's POS with Mercado Pago Delivery to:

* Receive and accept orders automatically.
* Easily manage inventory and finances.

> * Close the cashier efficiently using the already integrated reconciliation solution, displaying in detail all the financial transactions carried out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Close the cash register efficiently using the already integrated reconciliation solution, displaying in detail all the financial transactions carried out.
```
